README.md, before:

# Home Library Service

## Prerequisites

- Git - [Download & Install Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads).
- Node.js - [Download & Install Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) and the npm package manager.

## Environments

All environments should be in .env file. Use this command to create .env file with the necessary environments

```
cp .env.example .env
```

## Docker

To launch the application, use this command. Make sure that Docker-desktop is running and the .env file has been created

```
docker-compose up
```

To stop the application, use this command.

```
docker compose down
```

## Check Vulnerabilities

To check postgres vulnerabilities run this command

```
npm run check:db
```

To check REST vulnerabilities run this command

```
npm run check:rest
```

## Docs

```
http://localhost:4000/doc/
```

## Downloading

```
git clone {repository URL}
```

## Installing NPM modules

```
npm install
```

## Running application

```
npm start
```

After starting the app on port (4000 as default) you can open
in your browser OpenAPI documentation by typing http://localhost:4000/doc/.
For more information about OpenAPI/Swagger please visit https://swagger.io/.

## Testing

After application running open new terminal and enter:

To run all tests without authorization

```
npm run test
```

To run only one of all test suites

```
npm run test -- <path to suite>
```

To run all test with authorization

```
npm run test:auth
```

To run only specific test suite with authorization

```
npm run test:auth -- <path to suite>
```

### Auto-fix and format

```
npm run lint
```

```
npm run format
```

### Debugging in VSCode

Press <kbd>F5</kbd> to debug.

For more information, visit: https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/debugging

Commit message:

feat: add prisma script to readme.md

README.md, after:

# Home Library Service

## Prerequisites

- Git - [Download & Install Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads).
- Node.js - [Download & Install Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) and the npm package manager.

## Environments

All environments should be in .env file. Use this command to create .env file with the necessary environments

```
cp .env.example .env
```

## Docker

To launch the application, use this command. Make sure that Docker-desktop is running and the .env file has been created

```
docker-compose up
```

To stop the application, use this command.

```
docker compose down
```

## Check Vulnerabilities

To check postgres vulnerabilities run this command

```
npm run check:db
```

To check REST vulnerabilities run this command

```
npm run check:rest
```

## Prisma

To open prisma studio run this command

```
npm run prisma:studio
```

## Docs

```
http://localhost:4000/doc/
```

## Downloading

```
git clone {repository URL}
```

## Installing NPM modules

```
npm install
```

## Running application

```
npm start
```

After starting the app on port (4000 as default) you can open
in your browser OpenAPI documentation by typing http://localhost:4000/doc/.
For more information about OpenAPI/Swagger please visit https://swagger.io/.

## Testing

After application running open new terminal and enter:

To run all tests without authorization

```
npm run test
```

To run only one of all test suites

```
npm run test -- <path to suite>
```

To run all test with authorization

```
npm run test:auth
```

To run only specific test suite with authorization

```
npm run test:auth -- <path to suite>
```

### Auto-fix and format

```
npm run lint
```

```
npm run format
```

### Debugging in VSCode

Press <kbd>F5</kbd> to debug.

For more information, visit: https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/debugging
